Improving spies doc (#312)
lokalise/shared-ts-libs: packages/app/background-jobs-common/README.md

  },
  {
    id: randomUUID(),
    value: 'second',
    metadata: { correlationId: randomUUID() },
  },
]);

const firstJob = await processor.spy.waitForJobWithId(scheduledJobIds[0], 'completed');
const secondJob = await processor.spy.waitForJob(
  (data) => data.value === 'second',
  'completed'
);

expect(firstJob.data.value).toBe('first');
expect(secondJob.data.value).toBe('second');
```

#### Spy Methods

- `processor.spy.waitForJobWithId(jobId, status)`:
  - Waits for a job with a specific ID to reach the specified status.
  - Returns the job instance when the status is achieved.

- `processor.spy.waitForJob(predicate, status)`:
  - Waits for any job that matches the custom predicate to reach the specified status.
  - Returns the matching job instance when the status is achieved.

#### Awaitable Job States

Spies can await jobs in the following states:

- `scheduled`: The job is scheduled but not yet processed.
- `failed`: The job is processed but failed.
- `completed`: The job is processed successfully.

#### Important Notes

- Spies do not need to be invoked before the job is processed, accommodating the unpredictability of asynchronous operations.

> - Even if you call `await processor.spy.waitForJobWithId(scheduledJobIds[0], 'completed')` after the job has already been processed, the spy can still resolve the processing result for you.

Reviewer: Might be helpful to mention that you can also await `scheduled` status in this case too

Author: Good point! did a small adjustment on that point to also cover `scheduled`, thank youuu

> - Even if you call `await processor.spy.waitForJobWithId(scheduledJobId[], {state})` after the job has already been processed/scheduled, the spy can still resolve the processing result for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Even if you call `await processor.spy.waitForJobWithId(scheduledJobId[], {state})` after the job has already been scheduled or processed, the spy can still resolve the job state for you.
```
